1- Who developed python programming language?	
  A- Guido van Rossum , feb 20, 1991
2- Which type of programming does python support?
A- Object oriented, structured , functional programming.
3- Is python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
A- Yes
4- What is the correct extension of python file?
A- .py
5- Is python code compiled or interpreted?
A- interpreted
6- Name a few blocks of code used to define in python language?
A- Module, function body, class definition.
7- State a character used to give single line comments in python ?
A- “#”
8- Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on
A- Sys.version
9- Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime using a construct called 
A- lambda
10- What does pip stand for in python?
A- Preferred installer programme
11- Mention a few built in function in python
A- print(),type(),input(),pow(),max(),sorted(),min()
12- What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in python?
A- 79 character
13-What are the benefits of using python?
 A-
 -Presence of third-party modules 
-Extensive support libraries(NumPy for numerical calculations, Pandas for data analytics, etc.) 
-Open source and large active community base 
-Versatile, Easy to read, learn and write
-User-friendly data structures 
-High-level language 
-Dynamically typed language(No need to mention data type based on the value assigned, it takes data type) 
-Object-Oriented and Procedural  Programming language
-Portable and Interactive
-Ideal for prototypes – provide more functionality with less coding
-Highly Efficient(Python’s clean object-oriented design provides enhanced process control, and the language is equipped with excellent text processing and integration capabilities, as well as its own unit testing framework, which makes it more efficient.)
-Internet of Things(IoT) Opportunities
-Interpreted Language
-Portable across Operating systems

14. How is memory managed in python?
A- Memory management in Python involves a private heap containing all Python objects and data structures. The management of this private heap is ensured internally by the Python memory manager
15- How to install python in windows and set path variables?
Right-clicking This PC and going to Properties.
Clicking on the Advanced system settings in the menu on the left.
Clicking on the Environment Variables button o​n the bottom right.
In the System variables section, selecting the Path variable and clicking on Edit. The next screen will show all the directories that are currently a part of the PATH variable.
Clicking on New and entering Python’s install directory.

16- Is identification required in python?
A- Each and every object in Python when stored into the memory is being allocated a unique identification number that helps the Python compiler to perform better and utilize memory efficiently. Each object has its own unique identity assigned to it as an integer number which differentiates it from other objects.


